---
title: "Privacy"
permalink: /privacy/
author_profile: false
---

## INTRODUCTION
*This privacy notice was generated by the [GDPR Privacy Note Generator](https://www.gdprprivacynotice.com).*
*This privacy policy was created using Termly’s Privacy Policy Generator.*

Thank you for choosing to be part of my community. I am committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about my policy, or my practices with regards to your personal information, please contact me at [johannes.zenn@gmail.com]().

When you visit my website and use my services, you trust me with your personal information. I take your privacy very seriously. In this privacy notice, I describe my privacy policy. I seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information I collect, how I use it and what rights you have in relation to it. I hope you take some time to read through it carefully, as it is important. If there are any terms in this privacy policy that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of my site and my services.

This privacy policy applies to all information collected through my websites.  
Please read this privacy policy carefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us.  

## WHAT INFORMATION DO I COLLECT? 

I do not collect any personal information. However, some information – such as IP address and/or browser and device characteristics – is collected automatically when you visit my websites. This is due to the fact that this page is hosted on [GitHub](github.com). For more information on how GitHub processes your personal data, please read the [Github Privacy Statement](https://help.github.com/en/github/site-policy/github-privacy-statement).

## WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?

In Short: In some regions, such as the European Economic Area, you have rights that allow you greater access to and control over your personal information. You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time. 

In some regions (like the European Economic Area), you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; and (iv) if applicable, to data portability. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. To make such a request, please use the contact details provided below. I will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws. 

If I are relying on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note however that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal.

If you are resident in the European Economic Area and you believe I are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. You can find their contact details here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm]

## DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS? 

In Short: Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information. 

California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits my users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) I disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which I shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to me using the contact information provided below.

If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with the [Sites/ Mobile Application/ Facebook Application], you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the [Sites/ Mobile Application/ Facebook Application]. To request removal of such data, please contact me using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. I will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the [Sites/ Mobile Application/ Facebook Application], but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from my systems.

## DO I MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?

In Short: Yes, I will update this policy as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.

I may update this privacy policy from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated “Revised” date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If I make material changes to this privacy policy, I may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. I encourage you to review this privacy policy frequently to be informed of how I are protecting your information. 

## HOW CAN YOU CONTACT ME ABOUT THIS POLICY?

If you have any further questions or comments about me or my policies, email me at [johannes.zenn@gmail.com]() or contact me by post at:

Johannes Zenn,
Liststraße 4,
72074 Tübingen,
Germany


